6 Ways to Foster Collaboration in Your Workplace
https://www.americanexpress.com/us/small-business/openforum/articles/fostering-collaboration/

5 ways to encourage collaboration
http://www.capsim.com/blog/5-ways-to-encourage-collaboration/

The 12 Habits Of Highly Collaborative Organizations
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacobmorgan/2013/07/30/the-12-habits-of-highly-collaborative-organizations/

The Power of Team Collaboration in the Workplace
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/zach-cutler/the-power-of-team-collabo_b_5836742.html

How to Make Collaboration and Communication in the Workplace Easier
https://www.shoretel.co.uk/how-make-collaboration-and-communication-workplace-easier

Workplace Collaboration: Mission-Critical or Just An Ideal? 
http://www.15five.com/blog/collaboration-in-the-workplace-mission-critical-or-simple-an-ideal/

Eight Ways to Build Collaborative Teams
https://hbr.org/2007/11/eight-ways-to-build-collaborative-teams

3 Strategies to Improve Collaboration in the Workplace
http://www.allbusiness.com/3-strategies-improve-collaboration-workplace-22673-1.html

5 Ways to Foster Increased Team Collaboration
https://www.emergenetics.com/blog/team_collaboration/

What are the characteristics of high-performing team meetings?
http://www.hrzone.com/perform/people/what-are-the-characteristics-of-high-performing-team-meetings

Five ways to encourage collaboration in the workplace
http://scanomat.com/easyblog/entry/five-ways-to-encourage-collaboration-in-the-workplace


Overcoming Barriers to Workplace Collaboration
http://www.stephendale.com/2012/04/27/overcoming-barriers-to-workplace-collaboration/

Collaboration in Culture and Practice
http://www.gotomeeting.com/online/dam/pdf/en/resources/wp/Sideraworks-GoToWebinar-Collaboration-in-culture-and-in-practice-white-paper.pdf

9 Simple Ways to Encourage Collaboration
http://myturnstone.com/blog/9-simple-ways-encourage-collaboration/

Three Ways Sanofi Pasteur Encourages Collaboration
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacobmorgan/2015/10/20/three-ways-sanofi-pasteur-encourages-collaboration/


3 Quick and Easy Ways to Encourage Collaboration at Your Company 
https://www.box.com/blog/3-quick-and-easy-ways-to-encourage-collaboration-at-your-company/

How to Encourage Collaboration in Multidisciplinary Teams
https://contactzilla.com/blog/encourage-collaboration-multidisciplinary-teams/

Creating a culture that encourages internal collaboration
http://www.virgin.com/entrepreneur/creating-a-culture-that-encourages-internal-collaboration

3 big ways to encourage smarter teamwork
https://opensource.com/open-organization/15/11/3-ways-encourage-smarter-teamwork

Need to pick a lot more material off of opensource.com and Jim W's
book - it's fantastic.
