Why Silicon Valley's 'Fail Fast' Mantra Is Just Hype
http://www.forbes.com/sites/robasghar/2014/07/14/why-silicon-valleys-fail-fast-mantra-is-just-hype/

Article doesn't seem to have much constructive to offer than saying
"people don't actually like to fail". Talks only about top-level
failure (mainly of startups) rather than lower level experimentation
and learning.


3 Ways Companies Can Encourage Smart Risk Taking
http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/238543

Makes the distinction between just rolling the dice and intelligent
risk taking. Describes three principles for improving risk taking

1. The institutional 'yes'
2. Never stop innovating (this is a bit light on content). One useful
   point is htat big organisations struggle for innovation because
   they focus more on execution than innovation.
3. Reward insightful experiments

This doesn't mean, of course, that just any failure or mistake is
encouraged or celebrated. But if a team is operating within strategic,
commercial, ethical and legal frameworks and avoids re-creating old
mistakes, a failure can and should be celebrated for the learning such
experimentation offers. 


Better Ideas Through Failure
http://www.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052970204010604576594671572584158

Not terribly interesting.


Tata Innovista 2013 receives record participation
http://www.tata.com/article/inside/VWQX0UJo!$$$$!xI=/TLYVr3YPkMU=



The Institutional Yes
https://hbr.org/2007/10/the-institutional-yes/ar/1

Interview with Amazon's Jeff Bezos on how they foster a culture of
innovation. One interesting point is the emphasis on playing the long
game for a number of bets, going out years in the future. You need to
have vision beyond just the current quarter.

"If we can get this to work it will be big."

At the same time, you have to recognize that there are times when you
can’t put a toe in the water; you have to leap in with both feet. You
have to say, “This is going to be expensive—and that means we’re going
to have to make it work.” You allow that you might take lots of twists
and turns on the details, but you really commit yourself to the
objective. And by the way, it’s very fun to have the kind of culture
where people are willing to take these leaps—it’s the opposite of the
“institutional no.” It’s the institutional yes. People say, “We’re
going to do this. We’re going to figure out a way.”


We Should Stop Telling Entrepreneurs To 'Fail Fast'
http://www.businessinsider.com/why-fail-fast-isnt-good-advice-2013-11?IR=T

When the professional services giant [PwC] did a massive study looking at
what separates the most innovative companies from the rest of the
pack, one of the most important attributes was what Shelton calls a
"Darwinian engine," defined as a formalized process for innovation,
and an ability to rapidly try and test out new ideas and discard the
ones that don't work. But don't call it "failing," he warns.

Instead, innovation should follow a more scientific process. "It's
about having a hypothesis, and testing it," he says. "If the results
don't match your hypothesis, you've got data. If the results do match
your hypothesis, then you have a discovery." 


Here’s what ‘fail fast’ really means
http://venturebeat.com/2015/03/15/heres-what-fail-fast-really-means/

Fail fast isn’t about the big issues, it’s about the little ones. It’s
an approach to running a company or developing a product that embraces
lots of little experiments with the idea that some will work and grow
and others will fail and die.


Fail Fast
http://martinfowler.com/ieeeSoftware/failFast.pdf

Written from a code perspective, not an organisational perspective.


Fail Fast, Fail Often, Fail Everywhere
http://www.newyorker.com/business/currency/fail-fast-fail-often-fail-everywhere

More of a casual commentary piece - not a lot interesting to draw on.


Failing by Design
https://hbr.org/2011/04/failing-by-design

I’m not going to argue that failure per se is a good thing. Far from
it: It can waste money, destroy morale, infuriate customers, damage
reputations, harm careers, and sometimes lead to tragedy. But failure
is inevitable in uncertain environments, and, if managed well, it can
be a very useful thing. Indeed, organizations can’t possibly undertake
the risks necessary for innovation and growth if they’re not
comfortable with the idea of failing.

An alternative to ignoring failure is to foster “intelligent failure,”
a phrase coined by Duke University’s Sim Sitkin in a terrific 1992
Research in Organizational Behavior article titled “Learning Through
Failure: The Strategy of Small Losses.”

Principle 1: Decide what success and failure would look likebefore you
launch an initiative.

Principle 2: Convert assumptions into knowledge.

Principle 3: Be quick about it—fail fast.

Principle 4: Contain the downside risk—fail cheaply.

Principle 5: Limit the uncertainty.

Principle 6: Build a culture that celebrates intelligent failure.

Principle 7: Codify and share what you learn.



Why Silicon Valley Loves Failures
http://www.inc.com/eric-markowitz/brilliant-failures/why-silicon-valley-loves-failures.html

Why You Need to Stop Trying to 'Fail Fast' 
http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/248565


Fail Fast
http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?FailFast


Moving Enterprise Innovation Beyond Failing Fast
https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/why-fail-fast-philosophy-does-not-work

[QUOTE]
The book [The Lean Startup] has ample content worth studying, but
almost every week I meet business leaders who have concluded that
simply giving teams permission to “fail fast” is the secret to
unlocking product innovation.

That’s too bad, because “fail fast” when taken literally is easily one
of the least useful concepts for real life enterprise innovators.  The
phrase “learn quickly and think well” is a far more powerful mantra
for would-be innovation leaders.   
[/QUOTE]

The idea here is that a shotgun style approach to innovation is not
time or cost effective - you need to be far more scientific than
that, treating each mini-venture as a scientific experiment and
learning opportunity.

"Learn quickly and think well"


Fail Often, Fail Fast and Fail Cheap, But Do Fail
http://thechanger.org/resources/fail-often-fail-fast-and-fail-cheap-do-fail

Not much substance in this one.


Fail Fast, Fail Cheap
http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/stories/2007-06-24/fail-fast-fail-cheap

[QUOTE]
The classic mindset is to try to get a business plan or product 95%
right before taking action. This is great in theory, but it rarely
works. Why? Because as soon as you ship the product you immediately
recognize its fatal flaws. By then, it's often too late to change the
packaging, the marketing, or the product itself.
[/QUOTE]

[QUOTE]
I am not encouraging you to fail. Rather, I am stating the fundamental
truth that you can't know the answers before you start. It's foolish
to assume you know things that it's not possible to know.
[/QUOTE]

Don’t Promote Failure; Promote ‘Experiments
http://skybox.cues.org/2014/08/25/experiments-failure-university/

Not much in here except from stressing the importance of using the
right language: experiment vs failure.


The agile concept ‘fail fast’ gets bad press but is misunderstood
http://www.information-age.com/industry/software/123460434/agile-concept-%E2%80%98fail-fast-gets-bad-press-misunderstood

Short blog post that emphasises the rapidity of feedback. The whole
idea of 'fail fast' is to give many opportunities for rapid feedback
and learning.


Why fail fast when you can learn? 
http://www.cio.co.uk/blogs/some-inconvenient-truths/why-fail-fast-when-you-can-learn-3628810/

[QUOTE]
But there is a lot more to the learn fast concept than just semantics;
as well as shifting the discussion from the negative of failure to the
positive of learning, it can also change the entire focus and approach
to designing and building new things. When learning fast becomes a key
requirement of a new solution, pilot, test or proof of concept, it
challenges the team to think about how to make learning points an
inherent part of the design process.
[/QUOTE]


How GE Applies Lean Startup Practices
https://hbr.org/2014/04/how-ge-applies-lean-startup-practices/



The Biggest Startup: Eric Ries And GE Team Up To Transform
Manufacturing
http://www.gereports.com/post/82723688100/the-biggest-startup-eric-ries-and-ge-team-up-to/

